miniship - rapid tiny scale "battleship" in a tournament format - rotate 4x4 game boards and once you are
sunk you after out

categories
    list items in a category, after 1/2 of the other players entered the item you lose 1 point,
    gain more points for having it. If an item is entered (total player times) the points (+ and - are doubled)
    At the end of each round an increasing number of items are displayed from a new category. 
    Make a point wager and choose the "real" one

    e.g. round 1.5 category: sports, options 2
    e.g. round 2.5 category: provinces in canada, options 3
    e.g. round 3.5 fruit: options 4
    e.g. round 4.5 islands: islands, options 4

horse racing 
    cards flip quickly ( increasing in speeed from every 5 to every 2 seconds - up to 8 different cards/players )
    as your card gets flipped you can use points to move others back, save points, or move yourself forward. 
    If you don't press a button when your card is displayed you lose the energy point.
    
    One of the two below features would spice up the game. 
        - you can "save" to stop someones button from pressing (3 points) - everyone knows that their button
        was turned off
        - you can "save" to swap two peoples cards, you can swap your cards and someone elses cards

matching
    everyone is asked a different random question, you have to match up who is who. You do not know if you get it 
    correct or wrong. Earn points by not being guessed, and by guessing others. you get one mark a game - if you 
    absolutely know the answer then you can "out" them in front of the group. You cannot use this on your turn. If you 
    mark and get it wrong, you lose a point for every person who guessed it. 
        
        e.g. Question: What is your favorite category of alcoholic beverages?
            - Josh : Whiskey
            - Parker : Gin (random)
            - Alec : Vodka (random)

        Jagger is playing and knows I like whiskey, he marks "josh answer. Out of the other 4 players, 
        3 choose "Josh" so Jagger earns +2 (getting it correct) + 6 (3 mark hits)
        the other three players earn + 2 

wrong answers only
    1v1 answer incorrectly to a question - funniest answer wins (points given based on vote ratio)
    - bonus round - correct answers 

don't touch the bomb
    cooperative murderous minesweeper, a board displays with bombs under (n) squares. Pick your sqare. 
    Everyone gets to shift the board once in one direction (even if you are dead), if at the end of the round
    if you are right you stay, if you are wrong you are out. Bombs increase as people die.

tower builders
    you are tasked with building a tower. Each round 5 blocks are in the center, one tile out of the (n) that will be
    displayed will go first on the next round. You are trying to build a tower 10 tall. You are awarded more points
    by having the same color in consective placements.  If you place a different colored block in 3 places, you can 
    "paint" someone elses blocks - or your own - to change the color to one of the 5. If you place the same colored 
    block 3 consective times you earn another block. You can use at most 3 different colors to build your tour, 
    if you place three different, think fast if you don't make a move in 5 seconds, your tower will start to crumble.
    If you placed a fourth color, your tower will also start to crumble. 
        
        - if you go first on a round you cannot go first again until players / 2 turns. 
        - sabotage the others - take their blocks
